the smooth moves are everywhere here's
some of the colors I've been getting on
Twitter for various different teams this
shoe is looking too smooth I'm lucky
that wasn't a turnover let's go oh oh
I'm wide open from downtown I love
playing against Rondo you know I'm gonna
be sagging all game I'm gonna be sagging
he's gonna be lagging he's gonna be
turning it over like that floppy to your
boy baby back that's what happens when I
play against Rondo I get foolish on
defense I get crazy on offense even
though I'm shooting 28% somehow I'm
getting hot I might as well dance
crossover Oh hesitation spin moves put
the double-team poster you're lucky too
Kay didn't let me post their eyes I just
split a double-team how dare they not
let me finish that with the dope Rondo
is always gonna be open I'm always gonna
be helping no don't why would you do
that we're lucky they didn't score don't
do that let me roll offensively
Oh Rondo flopping give that guy off fine
this man Ronald doesn't know what to do
on offense so now he's flopping on
defense if that goes to the post I'm
poking it loose pokey loose pokey loose
there's no way you're gonna make that
two people are smothering everybody with
the ball you know the rules it's behind
the bank moves through the legs looking
like a boss left-handed layup i dribbled
the ball like Manny Pacquiao I got
combos behind the back I'm not done
through the legs I'm not done I'm gonna
go left-handed I'm gonna get fancy I'm
waiting for Rondo to reach so I can
teach but he's playing conservative he's
not being aggressive step back oh if you
sag off your swags off
well a double-double already in the
books for you and we're only at the half
do you see them trying to throw
different looks at you to slow you down
yeah I expect that they might but at the
same time we're gonna have an answer for
that cuz the rest of this team just as
dangerous on the offensive thank you for
your time Kevin if it ain't broke don't
fix it see if I can hit Ronda with those
combos have one shoot at three four I'll
get the triple e ready I'm gonna bounce
get and my poster the bounce the hops
the vertical leap I don't know what's
going on this season but Ronda was not
very quick he can't stay up here comes
the double-team crossover the other way
tokidoki
no he'll do that oh I still score it's
all good Oh double team double to get
out of there can I go there oh my gosh
that time they didn't give me any time
to avoid that I'd better win this tip I
got bounced there's no way he's got more
bounce than me no way I gotta get this
we got back here I gotta make them pay
you want a double team come double team
with that double team in oh now they're
not double teaming oh oh oh if you flop
if you flop is gonna drop if you flop
that's a Photoshop if you flop I call
the cops that's a fine smart doesn't
look very smart he's dribbling too much
well now the screen is over here it's on
the right side so I'm gonna let over
here okay hear that give it looking
smart trying to catch up right in your
face I'm getting fancy right in your
face you still can't block it you still
can't
they're throwing in the towel already
that full-court press you know what
happens when there's a full-court press
we go all the way with the poster that's
the second time I poster eyes that man
there's nobody in the paintin let's see
if I can get there in time where's
Rhonda Rhonda what are you doing why are
you by Rondo
what is Rondo doing this game should I
cross not Rondo again should I go behind
the back so they get fancy through the
legs through the legs double through the
legs crossover double team's coming
that's an easy assist they have no
answer of course he passes it at the
last second lock block that man has been
failing all game he's been making new
moves all game hit me hit me hit me I'm
open why not
Wow look at that game that Avery Bradley
is having three of 18 from the field
another double-team and that's another
assist for me let's go we still got five
minutes this game isn't over I should
have let that fly I should have no mercy
out here we're at home this is a home
game splash let's go
leave the shard she's around the Rondo
Rondo is playing terrible tonight oh
whoa a catch and immediate 360 and look
at who's in the poster look who's there
that's the third time that was a murder
these home fans they deserve a murder
like that well with the games like
tonight you were all over the place a
triple double in the box score would you
consider this one of your better games
of the season thus far huh for real a
triple double yeah I didn't even know
that I guess I would have to say it was
one of the better ones I played them
really I'm just happy with how the team
competed and that we got the win
personal stats are secondary to that
always congratulations Kevin you're
gonna deliver it take some chops my
players lying on national television I
knew I had a triple-double I knew I had
those 20 rebounds
that's crazy more rebounds than an
assist Rosie doesn't protect the ball
give me that
another steal I'm gonna live it to
myself oh oh wait a second I don't think
that would off the glass look at that
cheese I just threw it in the air
that's illegal I just threw it in the
air and just grabbed it out of the air
and slam